There is also a letter in the car
Style nine brother
I know this Lord God
It was your temple who came to fool the old man Xu Ding
To temporarily stabilize the power of the temple
But this time the Lord God is online to stir up the situation
The Lord of the Kingdom has ordered me to ask the Lord of God
The word seal
The managers of the king side by side are all powerful people
Among them, famous store owners
It is a big figure at the same level as the Lord God
He'll be there in three days
So you have three days.
The ruler of the Great Xia Kingdom will call for self-destruction
Temple Lord God rules the four quarters
Open up new territory for Daxia
And what about democracy?
Ming Dian Ming Master ruled the Eight Wilderness
Monitor and defend against the enemy for Great Xia
There's no difference.
But democracy is belligerent
I once wrote a gauntlet with the Lord God
The Lord God refused on the grounds of warriors
Now the two powers meet
There must be a battle
The strength of the Lord Ming is not below the Lord God
Even a true god
There is no certainty of victory
he
Even if you are a martial arts genius
Control Jinghong Sword in a short time
It's not a democracy.
Big deal, go for it.
I will do my best
However, the kung fu of the Lord God
I have only practiced less than 1/3.
I'm not finished yet.
It's too late.
Learn as much as you can in the next three days
After 3 days, you continue to impersonate the Lord God
At that time, you only need to master the style of the true god
If you are successfully blocked, you can break the game
That's right, as long as more people recognize you as a god
Can be successfully blocked
The identity of the master is short of you
Then you can find a reason to continue to drag on
Wait for the great success in the future
Fight him again
Great Achievement
Then you see
My qualifications
How long can I apply for Dacheng
Half a year half a year
Even if you are a martial arts genius
It also takes half a year.
But three days later
What if he attacks?
Zhou Xiao
I'll be with you tonight
I will accompany you too